	We are building a website that host recipes with an ethnic / cultural focus. We plan to link the website to the database we created to hold said recipes. Each team member focused on one or more country’s food. We are creating this website for our client “Rosalyn Jinkens” to help inexperienced cooks and busy-home cooks who are looking to spice up their dinner tables with dishes from around the world. We plan to continue to work with our client to ensure the final product aligns with the client’s needs. “What are you in the mood for” will post recipes that fit all lifestyles and palettes. We plan on creating a response page where cooks can leave reviews, ask questions, and share their successes. Our SQL database will hold the recipes, ingredients, instructions, etc. The database will be linked to the website for better control and ease of adding new recipes later in the life of the website. Each recipe will have its own page in the structured format Kendra and Heather cultivated from existing successful recipe sites, namely https://www.epicurious.com/.       Kendra: The format is achieved using HTML, tables, CSS, and JavaScript. I am going to be working on the website and the design of all the pages. And, also linking all the recipes to the website so that the users have access to them. I will also be focusing on the JavaScript code to send alerts when something that the user writes isn’t valid. Entering my information into the database.	Heather: The SQL database I am creating will consist of a recipe table, an ingredients table, and, if necessary, a measurements table to address the wide-ranging terms found in the ingredients of any recipe. Some recipes measure by weight as well and a measurement table would cover that, but an additional table may prove to be redundant. Each recipe will be its own entry and will include all variables a recipe contains. Using Visual Studio 2017 SQL Database tools and SQL code I have built the base for the recipe table. I’ll create the ingredients table that will read a .txt or .doc file containing the ingredients in an easy copy/pasta form.	Jordan: I found us a client in my mother, who provided us with her preferences that shaped our project and influenced our website construction with her requests. I will also be working on the code for the website along with getting everything to work. I will also be entering my recipe information into the database so that all of the pages can be uniform. Senior Project		Heather Olney, Kendra Francis, Jordan KitchenCSC480	Mid-Term Report	3/6/19